NOTES FROM THE LAST ROW
Sis?
Dad...
Killed someone.
I said Dad...
But that's just your imagination.
It's not my imagination.
I'm putting the pieces together.
Then did you really see the book all torn up?
Yes. I happened to see it when I went into Se-yun's room.
His trash can was full of torn pages.
No.
Start over from the beginning.
It's too early to conclude it's Se-yun.
Nothing is certain yet.
But
Se-yun's been acting
A bit strange lately.
Strange? In what way?
He rarely comes out of his room after he gets back from school.
Dinner's ready.
I kept calling you.
We should code after dinner.
Fuck that! Just leave me alone, will you?
I don't give a crap about coding anymore, so don't come in here again.
I've never seen him like that before.
Hey.
Why are you alone?
What about Yun?
He says he's not hungry.
Again?
He said the same yesterday.
And he barely ate breakfast this morning before he left for school.
What's gotten into him lately? Is something up with him?
I'm not sure...
I think he's been feeling down
Since that day.
Can't blame him. I have too.
Little brat.
That's no excuse to lock himself in his room and refuse to eat.
I'll go get him.
Honey, leave him be.
I'll talk to him later...
Hey, Kim Se-yun!
But the strangest thing...
Kim Se-yun!
...is his relationship with Mr. Kim.
You really don't have an appetite, do you?
If we had Min-hui's braised short ribs, he'd eat a whole bowl of rice in no time.
Why would you bring up a dead person?
Oh yeah.
You're right.
Her name keeps slipping out.
I'm sorry. Sorry.
Eat. Eat up, everyone.
Maybe it's because of the funeral.
I think I keep bringing her up because it's weighing on my mind.
I mean, I just feel so sorry for Min-hui.
She hasn't even had a funeral yet.
I heard they did find her family.
She has a father who remarried,
But he couldn't care less.
I heard her sister was the only close blood relative she had,
But even she
Died of an illness last year.
So then
What about her funeral?
That's what I'm saying.
If nothing comes up, I should discuss it with the president of our church group.
If that happens, we'd have to raise some funds.
No, don't ask the church volunteer group.
No?
Why not?
Fundraising or whatever...
Would take too long. The funeral should be held as soon as possible.
People might talk.
That would be disrespectful to the deceased.
If money's the issue, we can take care of it.
I'll pay for it.
- You will? - Yeah.
Of course.
She did work in our home for a while.
We should take care of her to the end.
It's the least we could do.
Oh, honey.
You really are so--
Thanks for the meal.
Repulsive bastard!
That son of a bitch.
Sorry?
Se-yun.
He seems completely fine
Whenever I see him at school.
And his assignments are normal. He always writes about trivial stuff.
Yes, that's right.
He's like that at home but acts like nothing's wrong at school.
Even plays ball with his friends.
Kang.
Time to revisit the hotel.
- The hotel? - Yeah.
Always look before you leap, as they say.
It's crucial to get the facts straight first.
It's time for our class. We should go.
- Already? - Hurry!
- See you. - Yeah.
Was it really you?
Se-yun.
I hope it really was you.
Kim Su-hun, you bastard.
What the hell
Did your son find out about you?
I was right, Mr. Heo.
About Se-yun.
I see.
So it was him after all.
I only managed to get this by begging Jae-sik for it.
We got it!
We got it.
So now,
We just need to find out what Kim Se-yun knows.
Hey.
Why the long face?
Sorry?
What do you...
Why do you look like you just ate shit?
Well, it's just...
Just what?
You got something else to say?
If so, go ahead.
My mind is all over the place thinking about Se-yun.
Until recently,
It felt pretty satisfying to find out that Mr. Kim was a bad person.
Do you know why?
Se-yun was kind of annoying.
He seemed to have the perfect life and everything he could ever want.
But seeing him these days...
I guess it really does hurt
To watch a friend suffer.
Yeah, exactly.
That's why we're helping Se-yun.
Sorry?
Don't you get it?
If we find out what Kim Se-yun knows,
We might be able to help him. Ever heard of thinking outside the box?
Besides, that's the thing about friendship.
Covering up the truth isn't always the best solution.
Sometimes, uncovering the truth
And making your friend face it can be the best thing for them.
Are we good now?
From now on,
Whenever you're conflicted,
Remind yourself that we're helping your friend.
Okay.
By the way, Mr. Heo,
I have some news.
News?
Se-yun's sister, Jeong-hu, is coming home on Sunday.
It's Mr. Kim's birthday.
Kim Su-hun's birthday?
Se-yun is really close to his sister. They seem to stay in touch a lot too.
Is that right?
Then listen to every single word
Those two exchange
When they're alone.
Something will come up in their conversations.
That is this week's
Investigative assignment.
Here.
Even
Your autograph is cool.
Like your novel.
The honor is mine.
Se-yun, on the other hand, has zero interest in what I write.
Here.
Where's Dad?
The man of the hour?
Dad?
Your dad went to Min-hui's funeral.
He'll be back this evening after running some errands.
Her funeral?
Of all days...
So it's happening after all.
It's a relief
That they can finally hold the funeral.
I wanted to go with him, but your dad told me to stay home--
Why would you go?
What do you mean, why? I'd have reason to attend, wouldn't I?
I just mean,
I haven't visited in a while. If both of you weren't here, it'd be...
There he is.
Did you just wake up?
You're here.
All done sleeping now, sleepyhead?
Still, you managed to get him downstairs.
What? What do you mean?
This one's been holed up in his room lately,
Gaming all day and night.
You should give him a talking-to.
Yun's always listened to his sister, ever since he was a kid.
He was always her shadow.
Then I should give him a talking-to.
Hey, you little shit. Come with me. You're dead meat.
I won't go easy on you.
- I told you to be good, didn't I? - Excuse me?
- Hey, you punk. - I'm not a little kid anymore.
Hey.
All right, then. Take it easy until your dad gets home.
- Don't move. - I have a lot of work to do.
Let go. Three, two...
How shameless.
He went to that woman's funeral on a family day?
He must feel a little guilty for cheating, seeing how he wouldn't let Mom go.
As I expected, Jeong-hu knows too.
But how can Mom be so blind to all of this?
And she actually wanted to go?
Seriously, it drives me crazy.
No.
It's good Mom doesn't know.
If I'm honest,
I think Mom should know too.
How long has Dad been womanizing in the name of art?
Should we just drop the bomb today?
- To hell with his birthday. - No, you can't!
Someone as sensitive as Mom wouldn't be able to handle it.
Don't you remember?
Years ago, when Mom was depressed, and she took some pills
To kill herself.
Mom must think I don't know, but I remember it all.
But if she finds out about this...
No. I'm going to protect Mom.
Okay, I get it.
That's why I'm keeping my mouth shut.
But, fucking hell, this one is a real shocker.
She used to work in our home!
He's a real piece of shit.
And to top it all off, that accident...
But
Min-hui...
Didn't die from an accident.
What?
I couldn't bring myself to tell you over the phone.
Then tell me now. What do you mean by that?
Min-hui...
Dad killed her.
What did you say?
Well, you see...
Jeong-hu.
Se-yun.
Kim Jeong-hu.
Kim Se-yun.
Kang, where are the kids?
Why aren't they answering?
I don't know.
I'm not really sure...
Then could you come and take a look, Kang?
Sorry?
What do you think? Does it look okay?
For some reason, I wanted to make it myself this year.
What do you think?
Should I add more decorations?
No, it's good. Much prettier than the ones sold in stores.
Really?
You think so?
Yes, really.
I'll be going, then.
What do you think
I should write on top?
Perhaps a unique birthday message?
No way.
No, you must have seen wrong.
Sure, Dad's a bastard, but he wouldn't do that.
No, I saw everything--
I said it can't be true!
Unfortunately,
the important part of the conversation was already over by the time I arrived.
What happened is
You lost your mind from gaming too hard.
A crazy hallucination.
- But I did learn... - Don't say that!
...one crucial fact.
I told you.
I secretly tailed them to the hospital after the accident.
All right.
Let's say, for argument's sake, that it's true.
In that case,
This wouldn't just be a scandalous affair.
It would mean...
The reputation that Dad's built up,
And the world I've just stepped into...
It would all go up in flames.
You get that?
- Jeong-hu. - You...
Have you told anyone about this?
Lee Kang.
Did you tell him?
Why would I tell anyone else? I only told you.
Okay, that's fine. That's fine, then.
Jeong-hu.
Okay, yeah.
Then you just need to keep your mouth shut. That's all.
Thankfully, it seems like the police overlooked it, too,
So everything's fine.
Jeong-hu, you're really...
You weak-ass piece of shit.
If you don't do as I say,
I will kill you.
I'll make you pay.
Se-yun
shut himself up in his room again.
Yun, what are you doing? Come out here.
Jeong-hu's leaving.
He didn't even come out to see Jeong-hu off.
Are you okay, Mr. Heo?
Well,
I just heard so many shocking things.
I don't even know where to start.
I know, right?
I was shocked at every turn too.
I had no idea they had so many secrets.
I see that house completely differently
From my first visit now.
In any case...
We're back to square one.
You didn't hear anything definitive.
But one thing's for certain.
Se-yun knows something. And he was at the hotel that day--
That's right. That's it.
He was definitely at the scene of the accident.
And he tailed them to the hospital and saw something.
Yes.
That's the most surprising part.
How did Se-yun know to go to the hotel,
And what did he see at the hospital?
But
The kicker is that his own sister
Muzzled him.
So the key now is getting Se-yun to talk.
Speaking of which, we need to take drastic measures.
Drastic measures?
I think we'll have to get Mrs. Ahn involved.
- Eun-joo? - Yes.
"Eun-joo"?
Do you know her personally too?
That's not important.
Get her involved? How?
Well, Mrs. Ahn is the only one left, since Jeong-hu is a lost cause.
And there's no way he'll open up to me.
So we give Mrs. Ahn a glimpse of the truth
To make her question Se-yun herself.
Right now, she knows nothing.
Isn't that a good plan to find out more?
No.
Why not?
Don't you remember what Se-yun said?
He said his mom took pills
And almost killed herself!
You gotta pity the poor kid, being so worried about his mom, right?
Still,
It's the only shot we've got at finding out the truth.
Now you're the one hesitating.
Why is that?
Is it because of Mrs. Ahn?
Are you worried about her?
- What's your relationship with her? - We're nothing!
We're just acquaintances from my junior year in college!
Satisfied? You punk.
Anyway...
We'll discuss this again at length later.
Let's call it a day.
I'm tired. Make sure to write everything up
And submit your assignment as soon as possible.
- Hey, what's up? - Hello, Professor.
Are you aware that there's an academic forum at 2:00 p.m. today?
- The president asked. - Right.
Since you haven't submitted your paper.
Okay, I'll send it over now.
I said I got it. 2:00 p.m.
I was just passing by and thought we could have lunch together.
Okay, honey.
Enjoy class. Okay.
I'll see you at home. Bye.
It's you.
It's really you.
Ahn Eun-joo.
Eun-joo.
TEACHING ASSISTANT KIM MI-SEO
Honey, why did you come so early?
Because I missed you, of course.
You tease.
Is it too cryptic?
No, it's nice.
There it is.
- Right. - What do you think?
Yeah, it's nice.
Seeing those kids eat is making me hungry.
Is it too dark?
No.
What do you want to eat?
- Are you hungry? - Yeah.
What should we eat?
Should we have pasta? Or how about pizza?
- Let's just order both. - Okay.
There's one up there too.
Eun-joo.
What do I do now? Now what do I do?
What should I do?
What do I do now?
What do I do?
What are you muttering to yourself?
You haven't even changed your clothes.
How about a glass of wine?
The couple I met for their final session gave it to me today.
They said they're doing much better.
When they first came to see me, they were in a really bad place.
But...
After just a few sessions, things improved noticeably.
It made me realize how important it is to talk.
Why were you lying down like that earlier?
Did something happen?
You don't look so good.
I'm just a little tired.
Have you stopped those literature lessons? I liked how energetic they made you.
I already told you. I'm not doing them anymore.
So you won't sleep in my room anymore either?
What is it...
That you want to say?
I want to apologize to you.
I went too far that day.
You know, the day we went to the movies.
In the heat of the moment, I asked
If you had an inferiority complex toward Kim Su-hun.
What I said kept bothering me.
I know
Writers are sensitive about that kind of thing.
I know better than anybody...
How much you struggled when you couldn't write.
That's enough.
Why bring that up again?
I'm just apologizing
For crossing a line that day.
What? Who is it?
Honey.
Honey?
Hey, what's this? What picture is this?
A letter. I took a picture of a letter.
A strange letter arrived at the house this afternoon.
A letter?
What's this?
There's no sender.
Just your name.
What?
KIM SU-HUN
Welcome home.
Hey.
Is Yun home too?
Yes, he's been gaming since he got home earlier.
Then could you help put these away?
I'm going to go and check in on Yun.
Sure, go ahead. I'll put these away.
Yun!
Mom's home!
We brought your favorite pizza from Mangwon-dong!
What is it?
Nothing.
Just fan mail. Nothing important.
Fan mail?
A handwritten letter, not an email?
It happens from time to time.
Older fans like this sort of sentimentality.
Damn it.
Mr. Kim was acting strange.
Even his hands were shaking.
I HAVE THE HOSPITAL CCTV FOOTAGE
10 PM TONIGHT CENTRAL FOUNTAIN IN SEONGCHANG PARK
Hospital CCTV footage?
Does it really exist?
I don't know yet, but that's what the letter said.
Right.
If the footage really exists, it would be the nail in the coffin.
But who sent this letter? Was it Kim Se-yun?
- He's our best bet at the moment. - Right.
Kim Se-yun did mention the hospital to his sister.
Yeah, there's that,
but something else happened.
Something else?
Yes, during dinner tonight.
This place's pizza really is the best way to lure Yun out.
You were right, honey.
What is it?
What's on your mind, honey?
Nothing.
You're right. This place has the best pizza.
How about we go see a late-night movie after this? It's been a while.
A late-night movie?
Or we could just go for a drive.
Doesn't that sound wonderful?
It'd be a waste to stay home on a night like this.
No, I can't. I have plans, so I have to go out in a bit.
Plans? What plans? All of a sudden?
Yeah, suddenly. Mr. Choi asked to meet, so...
You three should go to a movie or for a drive.
Come on. It wouldn't be fun without you.
I'll pass for today too.
I'm meeting friends from my department at 10:00 p.m.
You too? All of a sudden?
It's not exactly sudden.
I've been waiting for it for ages.
Se-yun's eyes looked different.
As though he'd made up his mind.
I'm heading to the place mentioned in the letter now.
Hey!
You're heading there now? You're moving without my orders?
You said
that when I'm conflicted, I should remind myself what all this is for.
What?
I'm going there to help my friend.
I see.
Se-yun's finally worked up the courage.
If I witness that scene, I'll be able to find something out.
Okay, I understand. Go ahead.
And call me as soon as it's over, okay?
And one more thing.
You must not get caught. You understand, don't you?
Yes, I do.
I'll call you.
Honey.
Why are you lying again?
You said you stopped the lessons.
And what was all that weird stuff you said?
What did you mean about not getting caught?
Eavesdropping again? How uncivilized.
Uncivilized?
If you're drunk, just go to bed.
- Hey, Heo Mun-oh. - Stop it!
I said stop it, okay?
I told you to keep your nose out.
Do you have any idea
How serious the situation is?
Serious? You mean, another thing I don't know about!
Yeah, it's always been like this.
You always had
Something serious going on that I didn't know about.
From the very start.
Because you were writing or because you had writer's block.
I was always here, and yet you never cared about me.
Do you even know
How shitty I feel whenever I do couples counseling?
"Talk to each other constantly. Communication is key."
That's what I tell them, yet I...
We...
You're the one who doesn't know a thing.
How much I let slide.
How long I've put up with you,
Waited for you,
And endured you.
Do you have any idea?
Quit your whining.
A comb? Nice.
So you're not empty-handed.
- A comb. - No one has their phone...
LEE KANG
The person you are calling...
What is it?
Don't tell me that punk...
At this hour?
Mr. Heo, I know everything. Everything!
- I know all of Mr. Kim's secrets-- - Quiet!
Quickly, get in.
I know everything. Really.
Just get inside.
Hurry.
Have you totally lost it?
How come you...
Why did you come here at this time?
Do you know what's even more shocking? Know what's even more riveting?
You've seriously lost it.
Mr. Heo, that young man
Wasn't Se-yun.
It wasn't Se-yun!
Se-yun! It's me, Lee Kang!
Hey, stop!
What? That young man...
Wasn't Kim Se-yun?
No, it was Mrs. Ahn.
Se-yun's mom.
Ahn Eun-joo.
Ahn Eun-joo?
It was Eun-joo?
It was dear Eun-joo?
NOTES FROM THE LAST ROW
It was Eun-joo?
Subtitle translation by: Jimin Choi